Add `slowTraceSegmentThreshold` to forcibly sample slow traces (#5707)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/dynamic-config.md

|core.default.apdexThreshold| The apdex threshold settings, will override `service-apdex-threshold.yml`. | same as [`service-apdex-threshold.yml`](apdex-threshold.md) |
|core.default.endpoint-name-grouping| The endpoint name grouping setting, will override `endpoint-name-grouping.yml`. | same as [`endpoint-name-grouping.yml`](endpoint-grouping-rules.md) |
|agent-analyzer.default.sampleRate| Trace sampling , override `receiver-trace/default/sampleRate` of `applciation.yml`. | 10000 |

> |agent-analyzer.default.slowTraceSegmentThreshold| The threshold used to check the slow trace segment, override `receiver-trace/default/slowTraceSegmentThreshold` of `applciation.yml`. | 2000 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|agent-analyzer.default.slowTraceSegmentThreshold| The threshold is used to check the slow trace segment, override `receiver-trace/default/slowTraceSegmentThreshold` of `application.yml`. | 2000 |
```

please also fix the typo at line 14 👆
